What do you mean?
Could it be that
However, the business between us must also be maintained
This project
What's the use of small profits with me?
What is this bad gambler capable of?
It's worth your help.
What ability
If it weren't for Mr. Yi's suggestion
I would have gone broke and jumped off a building
Understand? Go
Mr. Yi, thanks for your suggestion.
Saved my company
Saved my life
Please accept my worship.
What's going on?
Sun Dong doesn't have to be so generous
I'm just a simple sentence
It's really a simple sentence for you
But just this sentence
Saved my company nearly 1 billion of losses
Mr. Yi
This is a car I just bought
I'll give it to you as a transportation.
It's my heart too
Such a car can cost more than 200,000
Why did you give it to this gambler for nothing?
Mr. Sun, you don't misunderstand anything.
He's not just a bad gambler
It is worthy of such a great gift from you.
Do I need you to teach me how to do things?
Goodbye three days when you are impressed, don't you understand? Get out
OK
OK, I'll wait
Mr. Yi, please accept it immediately